= Rake cherry (cerise)

Simplify pushing commits to production!

Rake cherry is a small task to help you under some workflows where
Features or bug-fixes are being tracked as Tickets and sometimes, testing
and approval of them requires more than one commit.

When you face those situations, cherry-picking the individual commits that
conform a bug-fix can be time consuming and error prone (cherry pick the same
commit twice).

Rake cherry task simplifies the process abstracting the git command complexity
and let you automate it.

== Usage

Let say you have multiple commits for Ticket #700 and #528 located in master:

  54add46 Ticket #700
  1e809b1 Ticket #528
  7d7762a Ticket #528
  6cc1e72 Ticket #700
  ad55797 Ticket #700
  473efbb Ticket #528
  2b5866d Ticket #528

Now, those two tickets got approval, so need to be pushed to production.
Normal logic will dictate that you will pick all the commits of Ticket #700 and
then #528.

With Rake cherry:

  rake cherry[700:528]

All the commits will be picked automatically, and in the creation order, so you don't
need to worry about which commits should be applied first.

In case of a conflict, Rake cherry will abort letting you solve it, as you normally will
do, and continue again.

Don't worry, if a commits was already cherry-pick manually, it wouldn't be cherry picked 
again.

== Installation

This project has been structured to be used with Rails, to install it simply run:

  ruby script/plugin install git://github.com/area17/cerise.git

And you should have <tt>cherry</tt> task available.

== License

Copyright (c) 2009 Luis Lavena for AREA 17

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
